after two delays Iranian president
Ibrahim RI finally met with Turkish
president reab T ardogan in Ankara the
delays were due to the rapid escalation
in the Middle East following Israel's
war on Gaza turkey Iran ties are close
but tense the neighbors share a more
than 500 kilometer border and have Inked
multiple agreements to strengthen
cooperation in areas ranging from trade
to energy Ankara expects more from tahan
point particularly against the outla
Kurdistan Workers Party or pkk and at
Syrian offshoot the
ypg I would like to reiterate that
turkey a stands by Iran in the fight
against terrorism we attach importance
to deepening our relations with our
neighbor Iran on the basis of mutual
trust and common interests we reiterated
this will in our meetings as the crisis
in the region escalates the leaders
signaled it is time to reconcile
previous differences who are rivals in
Syria and the South
Caucasus tur's security is our security
we've had good relations for many years
and we would like to carry this to a
higher level also we agree that the
Palestinian people should be given their
rights turkey is a NATO member but
unlike the US and the EU it does not
designate Hamas a terrorist group eron
has referred to the group's members as
Freedom Fighters but he has refrained
from breaking ties with Israel entirely
despite his harsh rhetoric Ankara has
preserved commercial ties with Israel
prompting criticism at home and from
Iran re's meeting with erdon is seen as
an opportunity for regional Partners to
help towards the escalating tensions in
the Middle East and for their countries
to recalibrate relations despite all
that's happening C Al
Anar make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer